content/_index.md, before:

---
title: 'Home'
date: 2024-04-16
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: "6rem"

sections:
  - block: hero
    content:
      title: G'Day, I'm Jacob Larsen
      text: I'm an offensive security consultant, threat researcher, and mentor.
      primary_action:
        text: Read Blog Posts
        url: /blog/
        icon: rocket-launch
      secondary_action:
        text: Conference Presentations
        url: /presentations/
      # announcement:
      #  text: "I've just released my offensive security notes."
      #  link:
      #    text: "Read more"
      #    url: "/docs/"
    design:
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
        margin: [0, 0, 0, 0]
      # For full-screen, add `min-h-screen` below
      css_class: ""
      background:
        color: ""
        image:
          # Add your image background to `assets/media/`.
          filename: ""
          filters:
            brightness: 0.5
  # - block: stats
  #  content:
  #    items:
  #      - statistic: "1M+"
  #        description: |
  #          Websites built  
  #          with Hugo Blox
  #      - statistic: "10k+"
  #        description: |
  #          GitHub stars  
  #          since 2016
  #      - statistic: "3k+"
  #        description: |
  #          Discord community  
  #          for support
  #  design:
      # Section background color (CSS class)
      css_class: "bg-gray-100 dark:bg-gray-800"
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: ["1rem", 0, "1rem", 0]
  # - block: features
  #  id: features
  #  content:
  #    title: Features
  #    text: Collaborate, publish, and maintain technical knowledge with an all-in-one documentation site. Used by 100,000+ startups, enterprises, and researchers.
  #    items:
  #      - name: Optimized SEO
  #        icon: magnifying-glass
  #        description: Automatic sitemaps, RSS feeds, and rich metadata take the pain out of SEO and syndication.
  #      - name: Fast
  #        icon: bolt
  #        description: Super fast page load with Tailwind CSS and super fast site building with Hugo.
  #      - name: Easy
  #        icon: sparkles
  #        description: One-click deployment to GitHub Pages. Have your new website live within 5 minutes!
  #      - name: No-Code
  #        icon: code-bracket
  #        description: Edit and design your site just using rich text (Markdown) and configurable YAML parameters.
  #      - name: Highly Rated
  #        icon: star
  #        description: Rated 5-stars by the community.
  #      - name: Swappable Blocks
  #        icon: rectangle-group
  #        description: Build your pages with blocks - no coding required!
  # - block: cta-card
  #  content:
  #    title: "Start Writing with the #1 Effortless Documentation Platform"
  #    text: Hugo Blox Docs Theme brings all your technical knowledge together in a single, centralized knowledge base. Easily search and edit it with the tools you use every day!
  #    button:
  #      text: Get Started
  #      url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/details/docs/
  #  design:
  #    card:
  #      # Card background color (CSS class)
  #      css_class: "bg-primary-700"
  #      css_style: ""
---

Commit message:

new file:   assets/media/banner-perth-1.jpg 	modified:   content/_index.md 	modified:   content/about/index.md

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: 'Home'
date: 2024-04-16
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: "6rem"

sections:
  - block: hero
    content:
      title: G'Day, I'm Jacob Larsen
      text: I'm an offensive security consultant, threat researcher, and mentor.
      text: Welcome to my website and blog. Here I write about topics related to offensive security
      primary_action:
        text: Read Blog Posts
        url: /blog/
        icon: rocket-launch
      secondary_action:
        text: Conference Presentations
        url: /presentations/
      # announcement:
      #  text: "I've just released my offensive security notes."
      #  link:
      #    text: "Read more"
      #    url: "/docs/"
    design:
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
        margin: [0, 0, 0, 0]
      # For full-screen, add `min-h-screen` below
      css_class: ""
      background:
        color: ""
        image:
          # Add your image background to `assets/media/`.
          filename: ""
          filters:
            brightness: 0.5
  # - block: stats
  #  content:
  #    items:
  #      - statistic: "1M+"
  #        description: |
  #          Websites built  
  #          with Hugo Blox
  #      - statistic: "10k+"
  #        description: |
  #          GitHub stars  
  #          since 2016
  #      - statistic: "3k+"
  #        description: |
  #          Discord community  
  #          for support
  #  design:
      # Section background color (CSS class)
      css_class: "bg-gray-100 dark:bg-gray-800"
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: ["1rem", 0, "1rem", 0]
  # - block: features
  #  id: features
  #  content:
  #    title: Features
  #    text: Collaborate, publish, and maintain technical knowledge with an all-in-one documentation site. Used by 100,000+ startups, enterprises, and researchers.
  #    items:
  #      - name: Optimized SEO
  #        icon: magnifying-glass
  #        description: Automatic sitemaps, RSS feeds, and rich metadata take the pain out of SEO and syndication.
  #      - name: Fast
  #        icon: bolt
  #        description: Super fast page load with Tailwind CSS and super fast site building with Hugo.
  #      - name: Easy
  #        icon: sparkles
  #        description: One-click deployment to GitHub Pages. Have your new website live within 5 minutes!
  #      - name: No-Code
  #        icon: code-bracket
  #        description: Edit and design your site just using rich text (Markdown) and configurable YAML parameters.
  #      - name: Highly Rated
  #        icon: star
  #        description: Rated 5-stars by the community.
  #      - name: Swappable Blocks
  #        icon: rectangle-group
  #        description: Build your pages with blocks - no coding required!
  # - block: cta-card
  #  content:
  #    title: "Start Writing with the #1 Effortless Documentation Platform"
  #    text: Hugo Blox Docs Theme brings all your technical knowledge together in a single, centralized knowledge base. Easily search and edit it with the tools you use every day!
  #    button:
  #      text: Get Started
  #      url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/details/docs/
  #  design:
  #    card:
  #      # Card background color (CSS class)
  #      css_class: "bg-primary-700"
  #      css_style: ""
---
